# Participant E.1

# GPT Voice (RFQH4F)

Data to Collect from specifically the experiment portion

- Number of repeats TOTAL:
  - 1
- Number of repeats per instruction:
  - Only step 23, once
- Number of repeats from the beginning:
  - 1
- Number of stops/pauses requested:
  - 1
- Number of failures (When they show their work and the proctor concludes it as incorrect):
  - 0
- Number of steps they followed continously before stopping:
  - 22
- Number of steps done correctly per correctness chain:
  - 1-22, stopped and repeated 23, 23-25
- Number of breaks from correctness (should be close to/the same as stops):
  - 0
- Time from the end of the first instruction to completion:
  - 2m 16s [0:04 - 2:20]
- Time between start -> repeats:
  - 1m 56s [0:04 - 2.00]
- Time between all repeats:
  - N/A
- Time between last repeat -> end:
  - 20s [2:00 - 2:20]
- Time between failures:
  - N/A

# Qualitative data collection

All thoughts and concerns during the experiment, rough outline of precieved feelings and such the like.
frustrations all together as well

## Perceived Ease of Use (Clarity and Understanding):

- **What keywords would you use to describe the voice you worked with?**

  -Close to human

- **How easy or difficult was it to understand the instructions given by the voice?**

  -The instructions were clear, but the voice spoke too fast.

## Trust Rating (Engagement & Motivation + Emotional Response):

- **Did the voice make the task feel more or less engaging? Why do you think that was?**

  -Less engaging. The voice spoke too quickly and repeated the sentence numbers before each task, making it harder to process the information.

- **How did interacting with the voice make you feel throughout the process? (e.g., frustrated, encouraged, neutral…)?**

  -I felt frustrated because the instructions were given too quickly, and the voice moved to the next step before I had a chance to complete my task.

- **Did the specific tone or style of the voice influence your mood or attitude while following instructions?**

  -No, the tone or style did not significantly affect my mood.

## User Satisfaction (Final Thoughts):

- **How would you describe your overall experience working with the voice to complete the task?**

  -I would rate it a 6 out of 10. Human interaction usually feels smoother, as people naturally pause and wait before moving on.
  The voice in this task moved too quickly, which made the experience less satisfying.
